In the not-too-distant future, catastrophe strikes. The Earth destabilizes, rotating slower and slower in its orbit. The world is in chaos. As the days grow longer and the nights stretch on, the natural state of the world falls apart. Resources grow slim, countries are on the brink of war. Brothers and sisters have turned on each other. Economies have crashed and nations have fallen. Despite Science’s best efforts, the Great Deceleration continues. The state of the world has rapidly spiralled out of control.

But there is hope in the darkness. A spark to start the flame of life anew and rekindle the human spirit. When hope was all but lost, a small group of heroes found it- a way to save the world. This new hope…. Is SPINBALL.

The game is simple. Players, called Radians unleash their Quantum Gyroblades into a small arena, attempting to remain in motion as long as possible. 

This new sport takes the stormy world by storm. The small revolution that starts with a single revolution sweeps across the globe. Spread by the intrepid band of heroes, Spinball is anyone’s game. Children gather smooth stones to play at home during the long nights. Young adults stoop in the shade of the ruins to watch the exciting battles. In this time of conflict, friendly competition in Spinball unifies the world under one spiral goal.

This humble sport is not just a pastime, no. While the world loses its rotational energy, the combined spinning of the Radians’ QGB’s fights against the coming end of the world. As players battle to become stronger Radians, the Earth slowly, but surely is gathering its energy once more. 

It’s a slow process, but things start to get better. Some speculate it is just an increasing sense of optimism: Spinball bringing life back into people’s lives. Some say it’s the sense of community they now share for watching Spinball matches. Then, the Unified Time Conference realizes that the Earth’s period has changed by one minute. One minute faster, back to the way it once was. Thanks to the undying fervor of Radians and their fans around the world, the Earth begins to stabilize.
